但她并没有扬长避短。
这让这家公司的价值达到令人瞠目结舌的1680亿美元。
还是这两位传奇各有千秋。
“晚上好，卢修斯。”邓布利多和颜悦色地说。
我甚至把我妈妈新买的收音机拆得七零八落。
她“欢迎难民”的消息不胫而走。
分享悲伤的情感让女人们惺惺相惜。
尽管书中蕴含着政治的弦外之音。
与此同时，中国媒体继续呼吁在钓鱼岛问题上同仇敌忾。
世界上满坑满谷都是精明能干之人。
它的政府和其他很多政府同属一丘之貉。
我要看看他的五脏六腑是什么颜色！
他继续讲笑话，自己笑得前仰后合。
有条不紊的工作状态可以省时省力。
2014年6月，ISIS席卷了伊拉克北部，势如破竹。
美国把自家市场对中国完全开放了，但中国并没有投桃报李。
成功是一场游戏，需要你为之背水一战。
她已经把自己的生活演绎地登峰造极了。
如今，人们在结婚之前，想对其伴侣的每一个细节了如指掌。
等他来自己打扫房间要等到猴年马月。
所冒风险与所得相比不足挂齿。
如果要阻止别人抱怨，也许会令你成为众矢之的。
她老板是个一毛不拔的人。
现在是那种青黄不接的时候。
我到树林中去，因为我希望从容不迫地生活。
这会毁掉我的未来，你不能就这么信口雌黄。
我当时六神无主，不知道接下来该做什么。
2000年国家提出韬光养晦。
我认为你欲盖弥彰!
每事浅尝辄止，结果将一事无成。
社会经济遭到严重破坏，民不聊生。
而立之年的厄尔诺·鲁比克刚开始他的学术生涯。
也不知道为什么,我最近总是丢三落四的。
斗转星移，今天的中美关系站在了新的历史起点上。
我把我的讲演稿背得滚瓜烂熟，就是睡觉时也能背出来。
那个小学生费了九牛二虎之力去解这个一次方程式。
当心那些浑水摸鱼的人。
算了吧!不要斤斤计较。
她冷嘲热讽地拿别人的缺点开玩笑。
没有证据表明这帮人对布什先生图谋不轨。
犯了这么大的错误我感到心灰意冷。
日本领导人说出这样的话，完全是阳奉阴违。
他理屈词穷，只好求助于诡辩。
首先，顾客永远是对的，微笑能让你无往不利。
“我不那么介意。”他如释重负地咧嘴一笑。
整个菲律宾的大城小镇可能将万人空巷。
关于斯大林和戈尔巴乔夫的传记汗牛充栋。
而这并不是这位歌星第一次以身试法的案例。
布朗太太是有名的趋炎附势的人。
这些凶杀案似乎如出一辙。
好吧，你说的对，确是时运不济。
聊胜于无对你来说不够好！
说到写文章，我实在不敢在你面前班门弄斧。
该机构表示，Nancy的案例表明年轻人可以迷途知返。
电影制作人认为电影名称应该独具匠心。
自那之后我也一直想拨乱反正。
有时，我们认为天才是那些学富五车的人。
生吃食物的营养价值被吹得天花乱坠。
不过，韩国流行乐明星们在军队中的表现参差不齐。
女人们在家里陪孩子就是对自己才华的暴殄天物。
我不想被那个瑞典团队捷足先登。
他从少年开始，就常常作奸犯科。
她把这一理论讲得深入浅出。
我不喜欢摆架子, 更不愿让人家兴师动众来照顾我。
他的态度咄咄逼人。
病人的生命危在旦夕。
因为我们曾一起同甘共苦。 
因此，我们可以拭目以待梅兰娜·特朗普对世界时尚的真实影响。
他俩总混在一块儿，可真是物以类聚啊。
老师经常出其不意地搞测试。
对的,她常常心直口快。
科伯恩一直在想入非非，从不曾考虑现实状况。
他们中谁都会想要息事宁人。
不要拖延到饥不择食的时候再去吃
老人满腹狐疑地眯眼盯着她。
印度官员最好别再志得意满，而要开始推动通过一些切实的改革。
我们应当采取因地制宜的措施，以便改进工作。
在得知这个任命时，美国国务院发言人忍俊不禁。
中国的发展仍任重道远。
他在荣誉面前从不伸手, 但在艰巨任务面前却当仁不让。
把Excel掌握到出神入化的水平。
店里的人都专心品咖啡，心无旁骛。
聪明的中国人对这些微小生物的运用得心应手。
剩下的表演顶多算是差强人意。
这种行为在年轻人中司空见惯。
我们奉劝韩国国内某些势力不要再一意孤行。
朝鲜的雕塑技艺炉火纯青。
世界各地的问询纷至沓来。
因为如果全世界不采取行动，美国的敌人将会更加有恃无恐。
不是所有事情都能如愿以偿,但是任何事情都值得尝试。
詹姆、瑟曦和公主王子们坐在一起，低声交头接耳。
快餐店的工人在就提高联邦最低工资的问题上的辩论掷地有声。
整个表演让人叹为观止。
我仍在教书，并乐此不疲。
你觉得我们现在看起来穷途末路了吗?
他说话头头是道。
他的言词颇有胆量，鼓舞了那些本已垂头丧气的支持者。
我知道你生活富裕，但你最好能未雨绸缪。
他抨击政府的公共住房政策，无非是哗众取宠罢了。
但是近年来保守之风又死灰复燃。
我讨厌那些不了解我，却对我指手画脚的人。
你不希望孤注一掷而让风险大增。

------------------------------------
But she did not avoid weaknesses.
That valued the company at an eye-popping $168 billion.
the two all-time greats got there in different ways.
'Good evening, Lucius,' said Dumbledore pleasantly.
I even took apart my mom's new radio.
Her “refugeeswelcome” message spread like wildfire.
sharing sad emotions helps women bond.
Despite the book’s political undertones.
Chinese media meanwhile kept up calls for solidarity over the Senkaku. 
The world is filled with smart people.
It has a government much like many another.
I'll see the colour of his inside！
He carried on telling a joke, laughing his head off.
Staying organized at work saves time and energy.
When ISIS swept northern Iraq in June 2014, they looked unstoppable.
America fully opened its markets to China, but China has not reciprocated.
Success is a game, you have to play hard.
She is giving the greatest -performance of her life.
Today's singles want to know every single thing about a partner before they wed.
It takes forever for him to clear his room.
The risk is as nothing compared to the gain.
Attempting to stop the griping may just alienate the group and make you a target.
Her boss is a skinflint.
It is the time of year when the previous harvesthas been nearly eaten.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately. 
This will destroy my future. You can't just lie!
I was unsettled by not knowing what I would do next.
In 2000,the government was promoting a policy of keeping a low international profile.
I think you protest too much!
A little of everything, nothing at all. 
the society and e-conomy suffered serious destroy, the masses had no means to live.
Thirty-year-old Erno Rubik was just beginning his career in academia.
I don't know why, but I've been forgetful lately. 
Time goes by fast, and China-US relations have today reached a new historical starting point. 
I memorized my speech so thoroughly that I could have recited it in my sleep.
The pupil made great efforts to work out the linear equation.
Be aware of those who fish in troubled waters.
Forget it! Don't strain at a gnat.
he poked fun at people's shortcomings with sarcastic remarks. 
There was no evidence to link the brigade to any conspiracy against Mr Bush.
I feel downhearted about my huge mistake.
What the Japanese leader said iscompletely duplicity.
As he had a weak case and could not defend himself , he had to resort to sophistry.
First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. 
"I don't mind that much." He grinned in relief.
Streets in towns and cities across the Philippines are expected to empty soon.
Biographies of Stalin and Mikhail Gorbachev abound.
It’s not the first time the singer has had a run-in with the law。
Mrs Brown is known as a social climber.
The murders all seem to follow a pattern.
Okay you're right. It is bad timing.
Better than nothing is not good enough for you!
Speaking of writing article, I dare not show off in front of you
The agency says Nancy's a proof that young people can turn their lives around.
The moviemakers decided to write the movie title in a special way.
I have been trying to fix it ever since.
Sometimes we think of the genius as someone extremely knowledgeable.
Raw foods get a lot of hype for their nutritional power.
Yet K-pop stars have had a checkered record in the army.
women are squandering their talents staying homewith their children.
I don't want that Swedish team scooping us.
In and out of jail since his teens.
What she said was a useful simplification of thetheory.
I didn't like to put on airs, and even less to have too many people catering to me.
He has an aggressive manner. 
The life of the sick man is at stake.
Cause we've shared the laughter and the pain.
So we willwait and see Melania Trump's real-life impact on the world's fashion.
They stay together all the time ---like to like.
The teacher gives us so many unexpected tests.
Correctly. She's often frank and out-spoken. 
Cockburn engaged in a flight of fancy, never once allowing facts to get in the way.
Any number of them would want to keep this quiet.
Don't put it off until the hunger builds into aninsatiable monster.
The old man squinted at her suspiciously.
Indian officials would do well to stop gloating — and start enacting some meaningful change.
We should take measures adapted to local conditions so as to improve our work.
Informed of the appointment, the State Department’s spokesman struggled to keep a straight face. 
For China, development remains an arduous task and the road is long.
He never seeks credit for himself, but is always ready to take on arduous tasks.
Learn Excel to God-Like levels.
Everyone in the coffee house was focused on his coffee, totally oblivious of the surroundings.
The clever Chinese are proficient in using micro-organisms.
The rest of the acting is patchy at best.
Such behaviour is common to all young people.
We strongly advise some elements in the Republic of Korea  not to pursue this course of action
North Korea has gotten so good at building statues.
Enquiries flooded in from all over the world. 
because if the worlddoes not act - it will embolden the U.S.'s adversaries.
Not everything is meant to be. But everything is worth a try. 
Jaime sat attable with Cersei and the children, talking in low, hushed voices.
Fast food workers have become a loud voice in the debate over a federal minimum wage increase.
The whole play really knocked my socks off.
I am still teaching, and enjoying it very much.
You think we look desperate now?
Every word he said is clear and logical. 
His courageous words took his depressed supporters on the rebound. 
I know yon are well-off, but you’d better lay up against a rainy day.
When he attacked the government's public housing policy, he was just playing to the gallery.
However, prudishness has revived in recent years.
I’m tired of people who judge me without knowing my history.
You don’twant to compound those risks by betting everything on one role of the dice.
