其中有老人，也有年轻人，他们整天都在敲锣打鼓。
学生们鱼贯而入教室。
中国丝绸，遐迩闻名。
她不禁破涕为笑。
在艰苦环境中工作，经过千锤百炼？，他意志越来越坚强了。
两国山水相连。
不到两个时辰，我早已意兴索然，颇悔此行了。
青年们可以在广阔的科学领域里纵横驰骋。
多年的战斗生活把他锻炼成了一个智勇双全的指挥员。
他是一位英俊潇洒、风流倜傥、敢于挑战死神的赛车手。
已经日上三竿。
我是个外行，我说的话可能贻笑大方，可我还是要说几句。
阿兰·普罗斯特以第三名的成绩结束比赛，实际上已经将世界冠军的位置拱手让人
一想到冒他之名所做下的那些事，达尔文在九泉之下一定不得安宁。
我希望他们能够做到青出于蓝而胜于蓝。
干部要能上能下。
我在这儿人地生疏。
在我们看来，基本建设是百年大计。
这房子的设计适合一家老小共同居住。
不要怨恨那些伤害过你的人，你应该不念旧恶。
巡回剧团来到山村，人们笑逐颜开，奔走相告。
"昨天晚上，她俩说东道西聊了一夜。"
这场纠纷余波未平。
有种充满希望和解脱的奇妙感觉，好似卸下了一副千斤重担。
屈原成为朝廷中钩心斗角的牺牲品，因而遭到放逐。
我并不喜欢胃里翻江倒海的，但是要想赢得锦标赛，就得闯过这一关。
你血口喷人，不讲道理。
年深月久，碑文已经磨灭了。
他们怀疑这是开罗情报人员玩的空城计。
老王解甲归田后，仍保持着革命战争时期的那么一股劲。
我好说歹说，他总算答应了。
在外交部方面他也早就可以有一个气味相投的自己人。
请您高抬贵手，让我们进去吧！
女舍监人很善良，但做事干脆利落、风风火火。
怎样才能雅俗共赏才好。
他一来了就不走，死皮赖脸地坐在那儿。
表面上耀武扬威，骨子里贪生怕死。
新老殖民主义是一脉相传的。
巡道工人披星戴月地执行任务。
我以身家性命担保，我和这件事无关。
我把他的文章读了一遍又一遍，但对他的意图仍百思不解。
全场欢声雷动。
那个青年人在科技界初露锋芒。
沧海横流，方显出英雄本色。
野外花园，殊有情趣，树木蔚为大观。
那些使道学先生们勃然大怒的课题将继续成为她工作的重点。
理事会决定将该公司的总经理明升暗降。
在白色恐怖时期，许多进步人士成为秘密警察的受害者。
她深爱他的才华横溢和古道热肠。
这些事实证明他们是在打算鱼目混珠。
我们要急起直追，迎头赶上。
他悍然不顾公众非议。
学习外国与崇洋媚外完全是两回事。
有些人可能极不善于理财，因而不得不缺衣少食地将就过活。
她拿起枪，冷静地连续射击，弹无虚发。
实验室设备是不够理想，但我们只好因陋就简。
这辆1979款的雪佛兰轿车纤尘不染。
他看起来贼眉鼠眼，而且有犯罪前科。
我敢拍胸脯打保票这不是假货。
理查德又点了一支烟，朝着天花板喷云吐雾。
许多寄给她的邮件都不知所终。
黄河以万马奔腾之势滚滚向前。
世界上不存在所谓生而知之的天才。
精彩的表演令人拍案叫绝。
他虽然浑身青肿，但并未伤筋动骨。
真是无巧不成书，我的顶头上司就是被我在街上撞倒的那人。
同志间的交谈应该是开诚相见。
极左路线是一条祸国殃民的路线
嗜赌的人是死不悔改的乐天派。
教育是教学相长的过程。
敌众我寡时倒是可以磨炼人。
他半推半就，收下了我送给他的礼物。
他敬佩老者的神机妙算。
战争结束，百废待举
大伙儿七手八脚把他抬了出来。
你已经积劳成疾了。
他明知故问地不断质问凯瑟琳。
他说话总是显得自命清高。
不过，学生们聪明反被聪明误，格拉纳达最终还是决定要转播这个节目。
下一次会议，他被要求尽地主之谊。
墙上一棵草，风吹两边倒。
目前的胜利只是万里长征的第一步。
他确确实实是个老奸巨猾的家伙。
这里又有一座高低不平的城堡建在悬崖绝壁之上。
大敌当前，我们必须加强团结。
这趟行程不同于他1990年的首次衣锦还乡。
一旦体验过南加州的生活，再重返寒冬腊月里的英国就有点自讨苦吃。
对自己，“学而不厌”，对人家，“诲人不倦”，我们应取这种态度。
他年轻时，是个衣冠禽兽。
我刚半路出家来当教师，还没有什么教学经验。
如今这样的专家寥若晨星。
猖獗一时的匪帮，曾几何时，遭到了彻底覆灭。
他是个直来直去的人，说话有口无心。
今天，这个反动集团百孔千疮，内外交困，矛盾重重。
你可以在会上提出这建议，我在旁边给你敲边鼓。
初生之犊不怕虎。
他可真够马大哈的了，自己丢了表居然不知道。
这些成绩是不能一笔抹杀的。
他们几个在墙角处鬼头鬼脑地往外探望。
他们对孩子的放任折射出他们自身生活的放浪形骸。
风言风语把他和她出去购物这件事闹得沸沸扬扬。
官僚主义可说是我们的心腹之患。
整片湖都被密密层层的芦苇围了起来。
这事让她出面，你就免开尊口。
我们应该谦虚谨慎，戒骄戒躁，全心全意为人民服务。
他们里应外合，把时局搞得乌烟瘴气。
这部电影里有一些可能是你见所未见、让人惊叹的特技。
隐藏在我们队伍中的敌人当然要比明火执仗的敌人更加危险。
詹姆斯无所适从，惘然若失。
他们一直处于常备不懈状态以防突然袭击。
宁可虚位以待，也不要让不称职的人滥竽充数。
我们的奇袭使敌人张皇失措。
他是三脚猫，什么都会，只是不精。
这是中国历史上亘古未有的奇绩。
国家兴亡，匹夫有责。
不要这样目光如豆，只看到鼻子尖下这一点点。
他的政敌们对他进行了包藏祸心的攻击。
他们并不是一直都如此好为人师。
就因为卡萝尔今天不太顺心，所以弄得大家鸡飞狗跳。
莎伦·怀尔德健步如飞，跑在最前面。



------------------------------

There were old people, young people; they beat the drums through the day. 
The students filed in the classroom.
Chinese silk is well-known far and near. 
She couldn't refrain from smiling through tears. 
Toughened by working under difficult conditions, his will-powerbecame stronger. 
The two countries are joined by common mountains and rivers.
In less than four hours my enthusiasm had waned and I ratherreproached myself for coming. 
The wide world of science is open for young people to explore.
Long years of fighting made him a commander with both skilland dash.
He was a handsome, debonair, death-defying racing-driver.
The sun is already high in the sky. 
I'm a layman. What I'm going to say may expose myself to ridicule, yet I still want to say a few words.
Alain Prost finished third and virtually conceded the world championship.
Darwin must be turning in his grave at the thought of what is being perpetrated in his name. 
I want them making as good or better decisions than I would.
A cadre should be ready to take a lower as well as a higher post.
I am unfamiliar with the place and the people here. 
To our minds, capital construction is a fundamental task crucialfor generations to come. 
It had been designed as a family house 
Dismiss from one's mind all unkind feelings and the desire to blame and punish sb. 
When the touring theatrical troupe arrived at the mountainvillage, the villagers all ran to tell one and another beaming withdelight. 
They had spent the previous night chatting about everythingunder the sun. 
The trouble hasn't ended; there are still repercussions. 
There was an extraordinary feeling of hope and relief, as if a great burden had been cast off. 
Qu Yuan suffered banishment as the victim of a court intrigue.
I don't enjoy having a churning stomach but if you are going towin tournaments, you must go through it. 
You're slinging mud at me--that's a pack of lies! 
The inscription of the monument has worn away over a long period of time. 
They suspected this was a double bluff on the part of CairoIntelligence. 
Retired from office, Lao Wang still maintains the same vigouras in the years of revolutionary war. 
He agreed, but only after I had pleaded with him in every way I could. 
He would have had a kindred spirit and his own man at the foreign office. 
Would you please be so kind as to let us in? 
Matron was quite kind but brisk and hurried. 
Let's find sth. that highbrows and lowbrows alike can enjoy.
Once he is here, he won't leave; he just sits there as bold as brass. 
All bluff and bluster; in their bones they're afraid to die! 
Colonialism and neocolonialism are in the same strain. 
The trackmen work very hard from morning till dusk. 
I swear on all I hold dear that I had nothing to do with this
I read his article again and again, trying hard to understand what he was driving at but in vain. 
The audience broke out into thunderous cheers. 
The young man displayed his talent for the first time in the scientific and technological circles. 
When the seas are in turmoil, heroes are on their mettle.
The gardens outside are specially cool and interesting. Treesafford a magnificent view. 
As for the subjects that so enrage puritans, they will continue to form the focus of her work. 
The board of trustees decided to kick the president of the company upstairs. 
During the reign of the white terror, many progressives fell victim to the secret police. 
She loved his brilliance and his generous heart 
These facts prove that they are trying to pass fish eyes forpearls. 
We must do our utmost to catch up with the foremost. 
He flies in the face of public disapproval. 
To learn from foreign countries is entirely different from worshipping everything foreign. 
Some people may manage their finances badly and therefore have to go short of essentials. 
She took the gun and blazed away with calm and deadly accuracy. 
Our laboratory equipment isn't perfect, but we must make do.
The 1979 Chevrolet is in immaculate condition. 
He had a shifty face and previous convictions. 
I can absolutely guarantee that it's not a fake. 
Richard lit another cigarette and puffed smoke towards the ceiling 
Many items of mail being sent to her have gone astray. 
The Yellow River surges onward like ten thousand horsesgalloping. 
There is no such thing as a genius born with knowledge.
We were overwhelmed with admiration for the superbperformance. 
Although badly bruised all over, he had broken no bones.
What a coincidence: my immediate boss is the man I knocked down in the street. 
During the talk among the comrades, nothing should be concealed. 
The Ultra-Leftist line was a line that would have wrecked a country, ruined the people
Gamblers are incorrigible optimists. 
Education is a two-way process 
It was a salutary experience to be in the minority 
He accepted my gift while pretending to refuse. 
He admired the old man for his crafty plan. 
The war came to an end; many things were waiting to be done.
Everybody lent a hand to carry him out. 
You are overworked and ill. 
He bombarded Catherine with questions to which he should have known the answers 
He has always sounded holier-than-thou. 
The students were hoist by their own petards, however, as Granada decided to transmit the programme anyway. 
He has been asked to do the honours at the next meeting.
A tuft of grass atop the wall sways right and left in the wind.
The success achieved so far is only the first step in a long march of ten thousand li. 
He's a sly old beggar if ever there was one. 
Here another rugged castle crowns the cliffs and crags. 
We must strengthen our unity in the face of powerful enemies.
This trip was not like his first triumphant return home in 1990.
Once you have tasted life in southern California, it takes a peculiar kind of masochism to return to a British winter. 
Our attitude towards ourselves should be “ to be insatiable in learning ” and towards others “ to be tireless in teaching ”.
He was an animal in his younger days. 
I have just switched to the profession of a teacher and quitelack experience in teaching work. 
Nowadays, such experts are as rare as morning stars. 
The gang was on the rampage for a time, but before long it was completely overthrown. 
He's a blunt man, often speaking sharply but meaning no harm.
Riddled with a thousand gaping wounds, this reactionary cliqueis now beset with difficulties and contradictions both in internal and external affairs. 
You present this proposal at the meeting and I'll back you up from the sidelines. 
Newborn calves are not afraid of tigers. 
He is so careless! he didn't even realise he'd lost his watch.
These achievements cannot be gainsaid. 
They peeped out stealthily from a corner of the wall. 
Their permissiveness toward their children reflects the wild abandon of their own lives. 
Gossips made a big thing about him going on shopping trips with her 
Bureaucracy may be said as a disease in our very vitals.
The whole lake was rimmed with thick beds of reeds. 
Better to keep silent and leave this matter to her. 
We should be modest and prudent, guard against arroganceand rashness, and serve the people heart and soul. 
Working in collusion, one from within and the other from without, they created pandemonium. 
This movie has some of the most amazing stunts you're ever likely to see. 
The enemy hidden in our ranks are of course much more dangerous than those acting in broad daylight. 
James was at a loss as to what to do and felt lost. 
They were constantly on the alert not to be taken by surprise.
We'd rather leave the place vacant than have someone incompetent fill the position. 
Our surprise attack put the enemy into a flutter. 
He is a jack of all trades and master of none. 
This is a wonderful achievement without precedent in Chinesehistory. 
Every man has a share of responsibility for the fate of his country. 
Don't be so shortsighted as to see only what is under your nose. 
His political opponents made a calculated attack on him.
They weren't always so free with their advice 
All this fuss is because Carol is having a bad hair day. 
Sharon Wild set a blistering pace to take the lead. 
